docs(main): update source config doc (#3754)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/main-doc/docs/en/configure/app/source/design-system.mdx

};
```

</details>

:::tip
For more information on TailwindCSS configuration, please refer to [here](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/configuration#theme).

:::

> `designSystem` is used to define the project's color palette, typographic scales, font list, breakpoints, border radius values, and more. Because Modern.js uses the design approach of Tailwind Theme and also integrates Tailwind CSS internally, the usage of `designSystem` is the same as that of Tailwind CSS Theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `designSystem` is used to define the project's color palette, typographic scales, font list, breakpoints, border radius values, and more. As Modern.js uses the design approach of Tailwind Theme and also integrates Tailwind CSS internally, the usage of `designSystem` is the same as that of Tailwind CSS Theme.
```

};
```

> The property names in the `screens` object are screen names (used as prefixes for the responsive utility variants generated by `Tailwind CSS`, such as `md:text-center`), and the values are the `min-width` at which the breakpoint should start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The property names in the `screens` object are screen names (used as prefixes for the responsive utility variants generated by TailwindCSS, such as `md:text-center`), and the values are the `min-width` at which the breakpoint should start.
```

};
```

Then, you can use the `dark:` prefix to set different styles for elements in dark mode:

```html
<div class="text-gray-700 dark:text-gray-200">
  {/* ...  */}
</div>
```

> Please note that since these screen variants are implemented in `Tailwind CSS`, **it is not possible to use this method to combine breakpoints with dark mode**, e.g. `md:dark:text-gray-300` will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that since these screen variants are implemented in TailwindCSS, **it is not possible to use this method to combine breakpoints with dark mode**, e.g. `md:dark:text-gray-300` will not work.
```

});
```

### Configuration Reference

> In addition to `screens`, `colors`, and `spacing`, all properties in the configuration object map to core plugins in `Tailwind CSS`. Because many plugins are responsible for CSS properties that only accept a set of static values (e.g. `float`), not every plugin has a corresponding property in the theme object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to `screens`, `colors`, and `spacing`, all properties in the configuration object map to core plugins in TailwindCSS. Because many plugins are responsible for CSS properties that only accept a set of static values (e.g. `float`), not every plugin has a corresponding property in the theme object.
```
